protocol-list.md, before:

# Table of liposome protocols

| Reference                             | Size/type    | Comments |
| ----------                            | :-------:    | -------- |
| [Ishikawa et al, FEBS Letters, 2004]  | Unknown      |          |
| [Danelon et al, Angew. Chem. Int. Ed, 2012] |        |          |
| [Oberholzer et al, Biochem Biophys Res Commun, 1999] | |        |
| [Fujii et al, Nature Protocols, 2014] |  1 to 100 um |          |

# Short summaries and links

## Ishikawa et al, FEBS Letters, 2004

Rehydration of an extruded liposome "cake" has been described by Yomo
and collaborators in [Ishikawa et al, FEBS Letters,
2004](https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0014579304011743),
based on a [previous
paper](https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0168365999000474).

## [Danelon et al, Angew. Chem. Int. Ed, 2012]

A method for hydration of a lipid film stratified over glass beads has
been described by [Danelon et al, Angew. Chem. Int. Ed,
2012](https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/abs/10.1002/anie.201107123);
similar experiments and be found in an [MDPI Life
paper](http://www.mdpi.com/2075-1729/5/1/969).

## Oberholzer et al, Biochem Biophys Res Commun, 1999

Hydration of lipid film stratified inside a vial is a classical
method, described in [Oberholzer et al, Biochem Biophys Res Commun,
1999](https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0006291X99904047)
(the extrusion after hydration method can be skipped).  Additional
work in this direction is descirbed in [Yu et al, J Biosci Bioeng,
2001](https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1389172301803224).

## Fujii et al, Nature Protocols, 2014

Yomo and collaborators have used this method in dozens of
publications.  The protocol is available in
[Fujii et al, 2014](https://www.nature.com/articles/nprot.2014.107).
There is also a [JOVE article](https://www.jove.com/video/55282).

Commit message:

Additional Protocol (#5)
Additional protocol, with links to JoVE paper

protocol-list.md, after:

# Table of liposome protocols

| Reference                             | Size/type    | Comments |
| ----------                            | :-------:    | -------- |
| [Ishikawa et al, FEBS Letters, 2004]  | Unknown      |          |
| [Danelon et al, Angew. Chem. Int. Ed, 2012] |        |          |
| [Oberholzer et al, Biochem Biophys Res Commun, 1999] | |        |
| [Fujii et al, Nature Protocols, 2014] |  1 to 100 um |          |

# Short summaries and links

## Ishikawa et al, FEBS Letters, 2004

Rehydration of an extruded liposome "cake" has been described by Yomo
and collaborators in [Ishikawa et al, FEBS Letters,
2004](https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0014579304011743),
based on a [previous
paper](https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0168365999000474).

## [Danelon et al, Angew. Chem. Int. Ed, 2012]

A method for hydration of a lipid film stratified over glass beads has
been described by [Danelon et al, Angew. Chem. Int. Ed,
2012](https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/abs/10.1002/anie.201107123);
similar experiments and be found in an [MDPI Life
paper](http://www.mdpi.com/2075-1729/5/1/969).

## Oberholzer et al, Biochem Biophys Res Commun, 1999

Hydration of lipid film stratified inside a vial is a classical
method, described in [Oberholzer et al, Biochem Biophys Res Commun,
1999](https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0006291X99904047)
(the extrusion after hydration method can be skipped).  Additional
work in this direction is descirbed in [Yu et al, J Biosci Bioeng,
2001](https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1389172301803224).

## Fujii et al, Nature Protocols, 2014

Yomo and collaborators have used this method in dozens of
publications.  The protocol is available in
[Fujii et al, 2014](https://www.nature.com/articles/nprot.2014.107).
There is also a [JoVE article](https://www.jove.com/video/55282).

## Spencer et al, JoVE, 2013

The Encapsulation of Cell-free Transcription and Translation Machinery in Vesicles for the Construction of Cellular Mimics 
A simple method for the preparation of vesicles , the encapsulation of transcription and translation machinery, and monitoring of protein production.
Link:https://www.jove.com/video/51304/the-encapsulation-cell-free-transcription-translation-machinery
The video protocol is based on Sunami et al., Synthesis of Functional Proteins Within Liposomes. Methods Mol. Biol. (2010).
